

README file for GSLIB 2.0                Last Revised: March 9, 1997


This CD-ROM contains the README file that you are currently reading and
three high level directories:

1. dosexec  - GSLIB executables compiled for runs of limited size on
              a PC machine.  These have been provided for convenience
              only; they may not run on your vintage PC.

2. gslib    - the GSLIB source code, all data files, and plot scripts.
              Each program is in its own subdirectory.  Remember to
              either (1) compile the gslib library first and link the
              program to it, or (2) append all of the needed subroutines
              to each program source code file before compiling/linking.

3. solution - files relating to Appendix A in the book.  Some of the
              parameter files will require updating to account for your
              changes to the programs.



Important Notes:

1. As explained in the header to the source code: The programs in GSLIB
   are distributed in the hope that they will be useful, but WITHOUT
   ANY WARRANTY.  No author or distributor accepts responsibility to
   anyone for the consequences of using them or for whether they serve
   any particular purpose or work at all, unless he says so in writing.
   Everyone is granted permission to copy, modify and redistribute the
   programs in GSLIB (see source code for additional details).

2. You should NOT try to compile and run these programs without
   purchasing the related GSLIB book from Oxford University Press.
   There are important instructions on installation and notes relating
   to different compilers and computers.  Also, there are detailed
   notes on the parameter files and the operation of the programs
   (different from the first 1992 edition).

   Important theoretical and practical notes on each geostatistical
   algorithm are also contained in the GSLIB book.  These notes explain
   many of the unexpected results that can result from the GSLIB
   programs; read the book, do not contact the authors.
   

3. The programs will be updated periodically.  The latest versions may
   be available by anonymous ftp from markov.stanford.edu.  The
   Revisions section of this file will describe any modifications.



Revisions:

1. March 9, 1997 - date GSLIB 2.0 frozen for Oxford University Press
   and Master CD-ROM.
